Add a note about supported kubernetes distributions (#3160)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/uyuni/proxy-k3s-deployment-uyuni.adoc

[[installation-proxy-containers-k3s-k3s]]
== Installing k3s

[NOTE]
====

> SUSE Manager Proxy is supported on k3s and rke2 running on top of SLE Micro. If you need to deploy it in any other Kubernetes environment, please contact us for evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} Proxy is supported on k3s and rke2 running on top of {micro}. If you need to deploy it in any other Kubernetes environment, please contact us for evaluation.
```

Reviewer 2: contact support for evaluation.
